Dominique Pozo: Can you hear me, Erica.
Galaxy S10: Can you hear me.
Dominique Pozo: I can, yes.
Galaxy S10: Hi, Dominic, how are you
Dominique Pozo: Hi, nice to meet you.
Galaxy S10: It's nice to meet you too.
Dominique Pozo: Yeah, thanks. I am. Thanks for being patient. I usually open the room about 15 minutes prior to the session but i i was a little late opening today.
Galaxy S10: Well, that's okay because he didn't have any of the any of the information to wait for him to send that to me so
Galaxy S10: We're here now.
Dominique Pozo: Great. Good. So
Dominique Pozo: Late. Oh, it's all good. It's fine.
Dominique Pozo: So do you want to do. Can you stay. Two Minutes Later at the end. So you just get your full hour and yeah okay great so. So what I need to do is just a basic initial assessment and it's just a lot of
Dominique Pozo: Kind of just Historical questions, to start with, and I'm going to be typing as we do this because I got a record it.
Dominique Pozo: So I'm just gonna pull that up for myself here.
Dominique Pozo: Okay.
Dominique Pozo: And then before we get started with this. Do you have any questions for me.
Dominique Pozo: About the program or myself as because I'll be your therapist in group. I'll be you know co facilitating with the doctor and then also if you're wanting and needing individual therapy. I'll be the one
Dominique Pozo: Okay.
Galaxy S10: I'm not right now, but I'm sure that somewhere down the road, a question or two might come about. But as of right now, I think I'm pretty, pretty sure where this is going, and what you know because this isn't the first time I've done treatment. Oh.
Galaxy S10: I just
Galaxy S10: Kind of familiar without all the stuff like
Dominique Pozo: Okay, great. And I'm going to
Dominique Pozo: Kind of start recording. You know what brought you here. And so what can you give me a little history around, you know, how, how you got here. And what that journey has looked like and how many times you've been in recovery before
Dominique Pozo: Or in a program
Galaxy S10: Oh, I'm in
Galaxy S10: 1994 um I was well 94 when I went into
Galaxy S10: Recovery. The first time and I was in a very abusive relationship with my first husband and a father of my children, and he was
Galaxy S10: Not only abusive, but he's the one that kind of took me down the road up
Galaxy S10: Into drugs.
Galaxy S10: Okay. And so when I decided to leave him.
Galaxy S10: CPS had come in taken my tool destroyed.
Galaxy S10: At that point, I guess I kind of just realized that I needed to do something different and I needed to figure out a way to get my children back and
Galaxy S10: It stayed stuck with him in animal tell for about a week while he was still getting high. And, um, I guess, at some point, he just finally passed out and I snuck out of the motel room from there and
I
Galaxy S10: Said recovery program for that was CPS so I actually just stopped doing drugs at that point. Um, I just never went back and
Galaxy S10: And lived a very sober life for very, very many years and
Galaxy S10: And so about seven and a half, eight years ago, I was hit by a car at work.
Galaxy S10: Manager at Sonic and have gone out to deal with one of my customers. And as I was coming back and that was the lady that was Barreling through the drive through and
Galaxy S10: Passing the drive through at the same time and she read it to me. And so from there I have been on pain medication and have been on pain medication ever since. Okay, I added that
Galaxy S10: My drug of choice.
Galaxy S10: The first time was not opiate there wasn't a downer. It was eat. I was on cocaine and so
Galaxy S10: When I stopped.
Galaxy S10: using drugs at that point, I never took anything harder than a ibuprofen. So then all of a sudden, you know, there was no regulations on medication and
Galaxy S10: Before you knew it has been 300 deals a month and
Galaxy S10: Cost. Yeah, so I very very quickly became addicted to them.
Galaxy S10: And I wasn't there was no regulation to it and it wasn't in my mind, but I was an addict at that point.
Galaxy S10: It wasn't until probably the last
Galaxy S10: Year and a half, two years that I started to really realize where that had taken me and
Galaxy S10: And I realized that I was
Galaxy S10: Taking because then the regulation started and I started getting decreased on my medication but needed more
Galaxy S10: And so
Galaxy S10: Then I realized I am now getting them on the street, you know,
Galaxy S10: Maintain and that's where I realized
Galaxy S10: There's a problem here.
Galaxy S10: Yeah, I don't want to be a problem. I don't want to have a problem anymore. I decided
Galaxy S10: 25 years ago that I was not going to have a problem anymore.
Yeah.
Galaxy S10: So I decided I wanted to do something different. AND THEN I GOT CUSTODY OF MY GRANDDAUGHTER. And I'm, I'm married again and so
Galaxy S10: It probably it totally been over the last year, year and a half, that really just
Galaxy S10: Aren't hitting hard that you know you have a problem and it needs to be fixed and I you know my rational self and my irrational self fighting with each other and saying, No, you're being you know for sure, it still
Hmm.
Galaxy S10: I'm an addict, because now I'm getting them on the street, you know, so
Galaxy S10: I just really wanted to do something different. Don't want to be. I don't want to be an addict. I've been there done that and not not my I want my life to be. And so I decided I was going to
Galaxy S10: I was going to seek out a way to get off of the the pills and my doctor actually took me off because I
Galaxy S10: My you as well. Coming up clean
Galaxy S10: Was not there was not any opiates in my system. So what happened was I would take my medication. And then I would get the box.
Galaxy S10: And that would help me over to I got my next script so
Galaxy S10: You know, kind of floating in between the two. And I'm thinking, well, what sense does that make you know
Galaxy S10: Are you going to be an addict or you should be sober, you know,
Dominique Pozo: Yeah yeah
Galaxy S10: So basically what I did, I decided I was going to get
Galaxy S10: Find a program that I could that could help me and get me out of this situation. My doctor finally told me you know I can't prescribe you the pills anymore and I had already talked to her about nine months ago.
Galaxy S10: At one of my doctor's visits, because she was given me three months worth of my medication script and then I see her again. Three months later, and she'd rewrite mainly scripts and and so I
Galaxy S10: I had talked to her and told her I don't want to be on the medication anymore. Can we start tapering the offer, what do we need to do to to get me offered the job.
Galaxy S10: And she just kept writing me to script that they might that I had been getting them before. And so I kind of got left in this spot where I just didn't know
Galaxy S10: What to do anyone you know
Galaxy S10: Taking me off the script. I want to get off, but I'm an addict. So here I am, you know, I'm going to take the pills. But, you know, it just didn't make sense to me. It wasn't lining up for me. I said, Okay, well,
Galaxy S10: The last time I spoke with my doctor she
Galaxy S10: She said, Well, I got it. I kept keep writing me the script. So I said, Okay, well, I don't want to be on them anyway.
Galaxy S10: And I had this talk with him about it. So I guess we're now in the same boat. Maybe you know where we're kind of in the same, you know, doing the same thing and
Galaxy S10: So she's not licensed to do this. And so I told her I would seek out a program. And I did that I live in a rural area. So there's not one up in my area I did find one in
Galaxy S10: Our major city and went there twice and got the run around and come to find out that I was going to have to go from where I live, which is almost an hour drive one way into town every day.
Galaxy S10: And get those and
Galaxy S10: For me, either.
Galaxy S10: Do that I can't keep up with the gas. I can't keep up with and violate and at that, you know, I've got a two and a half year old granddaughter that I have that I don't want down at the Methadone
Galaxy S10: Clinic you at five o'clock in the morning, which is exactly where and what time I would have had to been there, as I have o'clock in the morning to get
Galaxy S10: So that wasn't going to work. So I did end up speaking with one of the ladies, last time I went and she came across an email from your, your clinic and
Dominique Pozo: greet me so
Dominique Pozo: Oh, good. No, no, it's good. The details are important. It's good for me to know and that's what I'm recording right now is you know what's led you here and how you got here so it's fine.
Dominique Pozo: Okay.
Dominique Pozo: And I'm just wondering at any of these points from 94 to present as you've been, you know,
Dominique Pozo: In recovery and then sober for a long stretch and then dealt with it again in 2013 14
Dominique Pozo: When you got hit. Have you ever been suicidal throughout any of that. Okay.
Galaxy S10: I did go through depression.
Galaxy S10: But matter. So because my children had been taken away from me. And so I did see a
Galaxy S10: psychiatrist and psychologist for that.
Galaxy S10: I went through a
Galaxy S10: group meetings and individual therapy for for probably about three years I think.
Galaxy S10: I turned it turned out that
Galaxy S10: When I had left my position I found out probably about a week later that I was pregnant with twins.
Dominique Pozo: Oh my gosh.
Galaxy S10: You know, put this shit on top of the think right
Galaxy S10: My gosh, yeah, so that's that's what ended up happening. So I was pregnant with twins and
Galaxy S10: And so I went through a lot of depression, simply because I was fighting the system. I'm pregnant. I'm by myself. I'm in recovery and I have no family whatsoever because I had alienated everybody. So I was doing that all on my own and
Galaxy S10: They have put me on antidepressants and anxiety medicine and I realized that that wasn't shooting for me either, because I have babies. I had to take care of and they just zombie me out so
Galaxy S10: Easily. And, you know, that wasn't something that I wanted to be. I just didn't want to be dependent on anything I wanted to fight to fight myself.
Galaxy S10: I did.
Galaxy S10: And
Galaxy S10: It wasn't until after I got
Galaxy S10: It got started getting my life together that I started really integrating with my family and my friends and stuff like that. But everything I did on my own. So a very, very difficult time for me. So yes, I went through the depression but never suicidal. Okay.
Dominique Pozo: That in here.
Okay.
Dominique Pozo: I mean, that sounds like quite a
Dominique Pozo: Almost like a rite of passage to make on your own and really come through. It seems like you're very strong woman and you know you've, you've really maintained.
Dominique Pozo: you maintained your sobriety. Up until the accident and then you have now chosen to make a change again.
Galaxy S10: My granddaughter, I think, is my driving force.
Yeah.
Galaxy S10: She deserves to have, you know, she deserves. Me and every in every part of me, you know, and I think that
Galaxy S10: The medication to take something away from you and if it's not
Galaxy S10: Mentally it
Galaxy S10: Is in your spirit, you know, take that I don't. I really don't know how to play, Nick.
Galaxy S10: What's the divide
Dominique Pozo: Know,
Galaxy S10: You deserve better as a mom. My daughter, my twin daughters, the one that looks like it with during the
Galaxy S10: That's her daughter.
Dominique Pozo: Okay, okay.
Galaxy S10: My daughter is a mess. So to make them not it deserves to have
Galaxy S10: Somebody in your life that
Galaxy S10: Has all their son.
Dominique Pozo: What's going on with your daughter right now.
Dominique Pozo: What is she, what did
Dominique Pozo: You know,
Galaxy S10: Addicted to meth and heroin and everything.
Galaxy S10: Oh no, that's how we ended up with my daughter.
Galaxy S10: But that's a whole that's a whole nother story.
Galaxy S10: Uh huh.
Dominique Pozo: And we're speaking about another topic. Yeah.
Dominique Pozo: Well, let's just take a moment, that's a lot, you know, to be dealing with your own recovery and then
Dominique Pozo: Kind of have it in your face. Probably daily because of your you know your your caring for your granddaughter.
Galaxy S10: Yeah.
Galaxy S10: Well, she was
Galaxy S10: My daughter did drugs with her.
Galaxy S10: Pregnancy and so she's a drug affected, baby.
Oh,
Galaxy S10: She's very difficult
Galaxy S10: Very difficult baby.
Galaxy S10: She's a good kid.
Galaxy S10: Very, very sweet, but she does.
Galaxy S10: She does have her
Galaxy S10: Moments and Earth days were
Galaxy S10: Very out of control and
Galaxy S10: I can only talk up to the fact that it's the drugs.
Galaxy S10: But on she deserves to have help her her grandparents, if not her parents at the very least, her grandparents of their whole scruples about themselves with her. She deserves that
Galaxy S10: You know, I don't want her growing up when when thinking that you know everybody in her life is
Galaxy S10: There's an addict, you know,
Galaxy S10: I don't know who their father is, but I can only imagine that he's an addict, too, because that my daughter ended up getting pregnant.
Galaxy S10: You know I want her to grow up and know that there's somebody that care enough about her that, um,
Galaxy S10: That they have a sofa.
Dominique Pozo: Yeah.
Dominique Pozo: How long have you had her
Galaxy S10: Important she'll be three known July.
Dominique Pozo: Oh, since the day she was born.
Galaxy S10: To do.
Galaxy S10: We're doing the paperwork.
Galaxy S10: My daughter was in labor.
Wow.
Dominique Pozo: So did so your daughter agreed to that her every
Galaxy S10: Yeah, that's a whole nother story. Okay.
Yeah.
Galaxy S10: But we'll get into that later.
Galaxy S10: That's fine.
Dominique Pozo: When you say when you say we do you have a partner. Now is that who we are. Who's we
Galaxy S10: Yeah, my
Galaxy S10: My husband and I've been married
Galaxy S10: Before years we've been together for five years, but I will be four years.
Dominique Pozo: Okay, I'm gonna start recording some of this. So,
Dominique Pozo: Okay, and
Dominique Pozo: How would you describe your, your partnership with your husband.
Galaxy S10: My partnership with my husband is good for the most part we have
Galaxy S10: We see totally and always see it on total ends of the spectrum when it comes to my granddaughter.
Galaxy S10: For the most part, him and I have a really good relationship.
Galaxy S10: But my granddaughter is a source of contention, sometimes with the two of us, because he doesn't believe in discipline or something, I don't know.
Galaxy S10: Or you know the word no.
Galaxy S10: And I was raised differently, where my mom, you know, was very strict and so I learned how to use
Galaxy S10: And and put my foot down.
Galaxy S10: So it does. It does some tension sometimes between the two, but
Galaxy S10: Overall, we have a good relationship we have a good marriage.
Galaxy S10: And
Galaxy S10: But you know, I guess everybody has their little niches.
Dominique Pozo: Well, that's quite a thing to take on because it sounds like if your granddaughters three AND YOU'RE MARRIED FOR YEARS AGO pretty quickly. You all basically took on having a child.
Galaxy S10: Yeah.
Galaxy S10: Good me. I'm just going into my bathroom.
Dominique Pozo: Sure.
Galaxy S10: Yeah, it was, it was very quickly that
Galaxy S10: We it uh
Galaxy S10: It put a whole new twist to our marriage.
Dominique Pozo: Yeah, definitely.
Dominique Pozo: Okay, let's see.
Dominique Pozo: Okay, how about
Dominique Pozo: Can you tell me a little bit. We're going to kind of rewind to your parents and was there. Were there any mental health issues on your mother side.
Galaxy S10: Mental health. I don't think so. I don't, I'll be honest, I really don't know anything about my family.
Galaxy S10: My family on both sides and my on both sides of my family lived in Germany. Oh. Come. I have very few relatives that live here in eight
Galaxy S10: I know I do or did my, my great aunt passed away, but she had schizophrenia.
Galaxy S10: And great I'm
Galaxy S10: Great at when and as far as
Galaxy S10: Yeah, as far as
Galaxy S10: At
Galaxy S10: All I know
Galaxy S10: Regarding my family.
Dominique Pozo: What did you grow up with
Galaxy S10: My mom, we moved here to the states when I was
Galaxy S10: Five.
Galaxy S10: And it was my mom, my sister and I, and that was
Galaxy S10: Well, my step as he's the one that product, but they they divorced pretty few years after we got here. And so then my mom, my sister and I.
Galaxy S10: A whole life.
Galaxy S10: Have a few family members that live in Colorado Springs.
Galaxy S10: But my great aunt is really do and and a cousin of mine aren't really the only other family members that I know.
Galaxy S10: They don't really know much about their family you know history.
Galaxy S10: I know that my migrate out had schizophrenia and that was
Galaxy S10: That was what
Galaxy S10: I'm that was on top of her having breast cancer twice.
Galaxy S10: And know, aside from that, I really couldn't tell you much more than that. I don't know anything about my dad's family at all.
Dominique Pozo: What was your relationship like with your mom.
Galaxy S10: Um, difficult. It was very difficult. Um, I moved out of my mom's house and out the top 13
Oh, wow.
Galaxy S10: And so I've been on my own, pretty much.
Galaxy S10: Most of my life.
Galaxy S10: And yeah, I was a very difficult town, and I think that a lot stems from
Galaxy S10: That move here.
Galaxy S10: My mom and dad are step dad getting a divorce and of course it mom's fault because you don't let you know at that age don't understand what
Galaxy S10: What caused it. I mean, I found out later on. It was he was having an affair.
Galaxy S10: But, um,
Galaxy S10: You know, so I
Galaxy S10: Growing up, it was, it was pretty difficult. Um,
Galaxy S10: And I'm like I said, I left home when I was about 30 minutes getting ready to turn 14
Dominique Pozo: Where did you go live. That's pretty young to be on your own.
Galaxy S10: I actually weirdly enough,
Galaxy S10: I'm a friend of mine.
Galaxy S10: My sister and I lived with the with her best friend with my sister best friend.
Galaxy S10: At the house at her house.
Galaxy S10: But her parents didn't live there.
Galaxy S10: Or her father lived in Santa Fe during the week and he would come Friday evening and leave Sunday early Sunday afternoon late morning early afternoon, for he was only there a day and a half.
Galaxy S10: And her mom would pop in from time to time, but for the most part it was just the three of us.
Dominique Pozo: Oh my gosh.
Dominique Pozo: How did you get food and take care of your basic needs.
Galaxy S10: When her dad would come, he would, you know, because we would take care of the house and do tours and stuff like that. So he would pay us to do that. And then he would buy groceries and he would make sure the bills were all paid and everything so
Galaxy S10: He just wasn't one of those hands on kind of got some stuff at the very least.
Dominique Pozo: Wow, that's her with her mom.
Dominique Pozo: Yeah, that's a lot of independence at such a young age it
Dominique Pozo: Will grow someone up pretty
Galaxy S10: Quick. Yeah, yeah.
Galaxy S10: Yeah. And then I met my ex husband, my, my kids.
Father.
Galaxy S10: When
Galaxy S10: 15 and we see
Galaxy S10: We actually met what when I was in the detention center and he went off to a boys school for about a year and then I was just about 17 when he got out and almost yeah it was almost 17
Galaxy S10: When he got out and then I live with him and
Galaxy S10: A man.
Galaxy S10: Takes a very drastic turn
Dominique Pozo: Yes. Okay.
Dominique Pozo: All right. And is your sister. She older than you or younger.
Galaxy S10: Or twin
Dominique Pozo: Or your twins. Oh, OK.
Dominique Pozo: OK, and then
Dominique Pozo: Was there any addiction with your mother or blood father or step father and he didn't finish.
Galaxy S10: My real father was an alcoholic and my mom was never an addict.
Galaxy S10: She's been on pain medication and I was in high school.
Galaxy S10: She. She was a nurse and advocate back and so she's been on pain medication.
Dominique Pozo: Where were you born
Galaxy S10: West Germany.
Dominique Pozo: Okay. And did you. Was there ever any sexual abuse as a child.
Dominique Pozo: That you're aware of
Galaxy S10: No. Um, well, yeah.
Galaxy S10: Great out that I
Galaxy S10: Was that I was telling you about her. We didn't see them very often. But maybe once a year.
Galaxy S10: We would drive out to Colorado Springs to go see her and her husband and her husband was sexually molesting my sister and I, whenever we would go and see them.
Dominique Pozo: Oh gosh, okay.
Galaxy S10: That didn't that didn't come out for several years and then of course you know that became a big family issue and
Galaxy S10: You know, my mom called us both liars and, you know, all kinds of
Galaxy S10: Mean it just became a big huge family issue. And so it just never was addressed and you more. And it was never dealt with and life goes on.
Dominique Pozo: How old were you when that was happening.
Galaxy S10: I was young.
Galaxy S10: App and for
Galaxy S10: Several years. Like I said, it was only once once or twice a year that we would go out and see my app, but it started when we were
Galaxy S10: Eight or nine maybe when
Galaxy S10: Even maybe even younger, I don't even I, to be honest here. I can't remember how when it started, I just remember that we are young really young. I don't remember how old we live, but it continued for for a few years.
Galaxy S10: Maybe five, six years. Okay, we can move go to Colorado.
Galaxy S10: And then of course you know I got involved with my ex husband and
Galaxy S10: He was very sexually abusive to me.
Dominique Pozo: And then did you, this is changing the topic quite radically. Did you finish high school and how far did you get in your education.
Galaxy S10: I did it.
Galaxy S10: Back to the ninth grade.
Galaxy S10: And dropped out in the ninth grade but I
Galaxy S10: After I got on my feet. I went back and got my GED and and I went to it went went to college and
Galaxy S10: I
Galaxy S10: Am about two semesters short of getting my associates degree in criminal justice. I had to stop going to school.
Galaxy S10: Going to school because of my children was a single mom for very, very long time. So,
Galaxy S10: My kids really it was very difficult with my twins, my son, because it's a boy and a girl. So what my son was very have a very difficult child. And so I ended up having to drop out of school.
Galaxy S10: To go with him.
Dominique Pozo: But you're so close two semesters well
Galaxy S10: I know and I keep thinking I'm gonna go back within you know life just keep setting itself in my lap and same not yet.
Dominique Pozo: Yeah.
Galaxy S10: I wanted to go back now. But, you know, yeah, I got a two and a half year old granddaughter that I did amazing and so
Galaxy S10: Now, it's not the time either.
Dominique Pozo: Yeah. Not yet.
Galaxy S10: MAYBE EVENTUALLY maybe what you start putting this call.
Dominique Pozo: Yeah yeah
Galaxy S10: A couple more years away.
Yeah.
Dominique Pozo: Do you are you currently working or how are you
Galaxy S10: At home with the baby and my husband works.
Okay.
Dominique Pozo: And how would you describe her name your financial status.
Galaxy S10: When good we're good, we're good. You know we we make a decent living.
Galaxy S10: Gives me
Galaxy S10: But, you know, we don't struggle financially that I think we just like every
Dominique Pozo: Oh, I didn't catch that last thing. The last thing I heard was, you don't struggle financially and then it cut out
Galaxy S10: Yeah, I'm
Galaxy S10: Fine with you finally live from paycheck to paycheck, you know, and we we make it work.
Dominique Pozo: Alright, um,
Dominique Pozo: Where, where do you get your emotional support at the moment.
Galaxy S10: Um, I am my emotional support.
Galaxy S10: I don't think my
Galaxy S10: skill set. So I am my own emotional support.
Galaxy S10: Okay, I think I learned how to do that.
Galaxy S10: I mean, some days, it gets difficult
Galaxy S10: Think I learned a lot when I went to therapy.
Galaxy S10: And so I have a lot of skills that I learned through through that kind of
Galaxy S10: And I have been I have, I have a couple of really good sense that I can you know that I can talk to us if I need to.
Galaxy S10: For the most part I depend on my own business.
Okay.
Dominique Pozo: All right. And then, do you have any hobbies.
Galaxy S10: Oh, yeah.
Galaxy S10: I love. I like to draw. I like to
Galaxy S10: I'd like to do arts and crafts, you know,
Galaxy S10: I think that's about it.
Dominique Pozo: Okay.
Dominique Pozo: Drawing and coughing. That's great. That's a lot.
Dominique Pozo: All right.
Dominique Pozo: Yeah.
Yeah.
Dominique Pozo: Okay, so let's see. Um,
Dominique Pozo: Alright, so we're getting close to the end here and just want to come up with maybe like six short term goals that maybe we can imagine you either meeting or we can check in around them in July and and
Dominique Pozo: Just see how you're doing.
Dominique Pozo: Okay, so
I'm
Just maybe
Dominique Pozo: If you want to name them all. Just put them in your in your treatment plan.
Galaxy S10: Excuse me. Um, I would really like to stop smoking that would
Galaxy S10: smoke cigarettes and that's one thing that I would really love you.
Galaxy S10: Know I like I
Galaxy S10: Like I said, like Jones, the other day.
Galaxy S10: Time.
Dominique Pozo: Uh huh.
Galaxy S10: Uh, one thing at a time. But that was that's one of the things that I would really love to be able to do
Galaxy S10: I would love to be able to
Galaxy S10: Potty Train My granddaughter.
Dominique Pozo: Okay, okay.
Galaxy S10: Great. That's a good one. If that's if that works that that's one of them that would be. She is such a hard and she's just like a mother.
Galaxy S10: But that's you know that that's a real struggle for me right now. And that gives me a lot of stress because he just refuses have anything to do with the toilet.
Haha
Galaxy S10: Almost three. So July is a birthday, and I told her the other day that she's not getting tired fabric, they should getting campers because
Galaxy S10: The bathroom. But of course, as a joke, you know, she does all can be
Galaxy S10: Sure, yeah, that that's one thing that I would really like to do
Galaxy S10: I would like to
Galaxy S10: I really don't want to be on the Suboxone program, but I don't. I would like to try to get off of that, just as quickly as I possibly can, you know, that I know that that's a process, but for me.
I
Galaxy S10: I've come to the realization that I don't want any, anything that that
Galaxy S10: A binding to me. You know what I mean I my and make myself understood, because I really don't know how to say that I'm more clearly.
Galaxy S10: Because I've been wrapped up so so much and you know that control my life. And this just seems like another
Galaxy S10: Another bondage, you know, um, so that that's
Galaxy S10: Something that I would like to try to, you know, work through just as quickly as I can.
Galaxy S10: And
Galaxy S10: I mean, I really don't.
Galaxy S10: Like to start by back to school, but I really don't think that that's going to be something that is a short term goal.
Galaxy S10: Honestly, but that would be something that I would really like to be able to do and just finished at the very least finish my associates degree. So now, and I don't really know how quickly that will happen. So, or if that would even be something that would be that I could
Galaxy S10: Try to work on right now because I'm so involved with this with my granddaughter, and she's really not on any sort of schedule whatsoever.
Galaxy S10: Go to sleep at any specific times and I'll wake up at any specific time. So it just kind of makes it, you know, hard for me to kind of do what I need to do as far as that goes. So
Galaxy S10: That's maybe something that I'd like to start looking into because it's really important for me because when I got my GED. And I started going to college. That was huge for me, you know, that was
Galaxy S10: That was enormous. That was one of the biggest milestones. I've ever
Galaxy S10: Accomplished
Dominique Pozo: Yeah.
Galaxy S10: That would be
Galaxy S10: That would be something that I would want it.
Galaxy S10: Was working on to, um,
Galaxy S10: But I mean, really, I think that's about it. I mean, I really can't think of anything else that that's that pressing for me or that I could think of that I would want it to do immediately. You know what I mean, like, three months ago is a very short short time.
Galaxy S10: Frame
Galaxy S10: You know,
Dominique Pozo: Well, I have two questions so far. So when you say you want to stop smoking cigarettes. How would you go about that. Do you have some first steps you can take. So I can put that in your plan is
Dominique Pozo: You know, what could you do to move in that direction.
Galaxy S10: I suppose I could
Galaxy S10: You don't want to those white lines or whatever and see if they can
Galaxy S10: What they can do to to the smoking cessation.
Galaxy S10: And see words that leads me and it's hard because my husband smokes do so.
Galaxy S10: Gonna have to be unified
Go. Yeah.
Galaxy S10: You know,
Galaxy S10: I can't force him to do something that he doesn't want to do. But that's something that I want to do, you know, because I, you know, go through all this and do what I'm doing.
Galaxy S10: To be better in my life. I think that's one of the things that I really have to think
Galaxy S10: Think about because you know if I'm going to change this area of my life really should come along with it. I think you
Galaxy S10: Know, I mean, if I'm going to be up that if I'm going to be a better person. You're not be addicted to
Galaxy S10: take pills. And I think that that's something that I need to kind of, I didn't there to you know make that make that a part of this journey.
Dominique Pozo: Definitely. I think that's, that's great. It's looking at all the addictions and not being dependent on anything. Sounds like
Galaxy S10: Fun. I've got it.
Galaxy S10: I've got a baby here. You know what I mean. I thought I was done, I
Galaxy S10: Have my kids tired after my twins. And I thought, no, I haven't. Good skin, you know,
Galaxy S10: And behold, here's this little girl and you know I need to be around here for a while. You know what I mean.
Galaxy S10: I've been a smoker for 30 some years, you know, and so that's something that that really presses on me.
Galaxy S10: On a daily basis. You know that I need to be here for her because if I'm going to make this change for her and her being my driving force for this and I need to turn it in the same in that in that arena. Yep.
Dominique Pozo: Okay, well I'm gonna throw out a couple potential goals. How would making it to your weekly group sessions. Would that be a goal that you'd like
Yeah.
Galaxy S10: Yeah.
Dominique Pozo: And then
Dominique Pozo: And then as far as individual therapy or you do have a therapist at the moment.
Dominique Pozo: 25 oh you're
Dominique Pozo: Just you just froze up i i was saying, do you have a therapist at the moment that you're seeing individually.
Dominique Pozo: Mm hmm. Okay. How often would you like to meet with me. We can we can meet weekly bi weekly or monthly and you know this is a part. It's an important part of at least in the beginning to have that support.
Galaxy S10: Right. Um, I think probably weekly would be good. I mean, initially, and
Galaxy S10: Yeah. And then, you know, maybe go down from there. But I mean,
Galaxy S10: To me, I think it is a very crucial point part of this, this whole
Galaxy S10: This whole decision to to do things differently because
Galaxy S10: I think it's not just a physical dependency, but it's also a psychological dependency and somehow
Galaxy S10: There's something not connecting right in there.
Galaxy S10: You don't even need to figure out why.
Dominique Pozo: Yeah, okay. Well, so I'm going to place that is one of the goals to can you hear me, looks like you froze up
Dominique Pozo: Yeah okay I'm gonna put for now attending weekly individual therapy sessions will be another short term goal. Does that sound good.
Dominique Pozo: Yeah, okay.
Dominique Pozo: Right. And then let's another you know very I think meaningful goal could be something about self care. Is there, is there some
Dominique Pozo: Form of self care that you really enjoy doing and maybe you're not doing enough of it and you can commit to doing more of it, however, that feels doable and, you know, however you want to word that
Dominique Pozo: Oops.
Dominique Pozo: Can you hear me.
Galaxy S10: Yeah. Can you hear me.
Dominique Pozo: Yes, yes.
Dominique Pozo: Oh, okay.
Galaxy S10: Hold on a second.
Galaxy S10: I'm on an Android. So I have to go off. I've just scroll through the pages to get to the speaker.
Dominique Pozo: Oh yeah, look.
Galaxy S10: Scroll you out of before it gets to the speaker.
Galaxy S10: I think, more, more than anything, I'd like to be able to to take a little time for myself because I don't get a whole lot of that.
Galaxy S10: Okay, so, you know, just to have a little bit of because my my life revolves around my husband and my kids are my daughter, my granddaughter, I should say.
Galaxy S10: And so my whole world is wrapped around them so
Galaxy S10: From beginning to the end of the day, that's my life and I think I forget about me some time.
Galaxy S10: I think that that would probably be a goal is to maybe take a little time just for myself, you know, just to clear my head and be able to
Galaxy S10: Take care of me, you know. Yeah. Okay.
Dominique Pozo: Great. Okay. That's good. I think that's enough for now have short term goals and then I put completing your criminal justice program your school I put that as one long
Term goal.
Dominique Pozo: Okay. Okay. And then just. These are the last few questions here. Are there any people you can call for support. Do you have
Dominique Pozo: Do you have that right now. I know you mentioned a few friends.
Galaxy S10: Yeah, I have a My best friend is led
Galaxy S10: Thank you.
Dominique Pozo: Great.
Dominique Pozo: Okay.
Dominique Pozo: And then what is so when you take that time for yourself what is one
Dominique Pozo: Activity or behavior that you can do that is related to self soothing and self care for you.
Galaxy S10: I think. Yeah.
Galaxy S10: Just like
Galaxy S10: Even just a bubble bath, where I have
Galaxy S10: Like my husband and whenever I take a, take a few minutes to myself like you have to be right in the middle of of that.
Galaxy S10: I feel like I think that
Galaxy S10: That's what a bubble bath or a walk or, you know, something, something like that.
Dominique Pozo: Okay, great. Okay.
Dominique Pozo: Um,
Dominique Pozo: Okay, and then this is part of just the relapse prevention piece have been able to name what or can you name any significant things that trigger you emotionally
Galaxy S10: I don't, I really don't have a trigger. This, to me, it's not that kind of an addiction. I don't, I don't know how to explain that it's not
Galaxy S10: Something that I seek out. It's something that I just want to be rid of. So there isn't really anything that I can think that'd be like, Oh, that makes me want to use. You know what I mean, I don't
Know,
Galaxy S10: Kind of an extent, for me, I just wanted the off potatoes altogether. You know what I mean. And really, no.
Galaxy S10: There's nothing that would i don't think that would trigger me to to want to go and
Galaxy S10: Kill all that that's not that kind of an addiction for me.
Dominique Pozo: Okay, okay.
Dominique Pozo: How about relationship triggers anything that comes up that's been kind of a pattern that really
Dominique Pozo: Can upset you.
Galaxy S10: I think with my husband. I think more and more than anything, it's
Galaxy S10: My granddaughter.
Galaxy S10: When it comes to her so
Galaxy S10: Yeah, that
Dominique Pozo: Sounds like it. Well, here's something that I'm happy to offer up to you all to, I don't know how your husband.
Dominique Pozo: feels about therapy. But if you guys are really struggling, you can bring him in. We can have a couple session and you can really talk through some of the the discord that's going on and how to get maybe on the same team around it.
Dominique Pozo: I actually, I do really enjoy working with couples and I I use a lot of compassionate communication skills and that's kind of a lens that I really like to live through and work through of
Galaxy S10: You know, really.
Dominique Pozo: Being able to identify needs and feelings and then making requests on how to how to work together.
Galaxy S10: Yeah, we can definitely
Galaxy S10: We can definitely check into that a little bit later. Let's
Galaxy S10: You know, let me get through this.
Dominique Pozo: This initial definitely
Dominique Pozo: You know,
Galaxy S10: Definitely just meet
Galaxy S10: You and then. Yeah.
Galaxy S10: We can definitely bring him, and if that's something that he chooses to do. I don't know how he was all about that. I've never even asked him.
Galaxy S10: I haven't even been brought up ever
Galaxy S10: We don't really have. We don't have a contentious relationship whatsoever.
Galaxy S10: It's the only the only part that we really don't see eye to eye on is my granddaughter, you know, and it's more. So just because he doesn't
Galaxy S10: Have no boundaries and she knows that, you know, and so yeah and I do so you know she behaves completely different with me and he knows that to, you know,
Galaxy S10: She just behaves differently with me and then she does with him. And it's because he has no boundaries, no limits and so that that really causes that a bit of an issue. But other than that, we have a pretty good relationship.
Dominique Pozo: Okay, well good. It sounds like for the most part you all are able to really support each other and
Dominique Pozo: That's uh
Galaxy S10: Yeah, he's a very he's very supportive.
Yeah.
Dominique Pozo: Great.
Dominique Pozo: Okay, good. Yeah, there's no need to rush it. I just wanted to plant the seed. If you ever want to have him come he's most welcome. Okay, great.
Galaxy S10: Thank you so much.
Galaxy S10: And that's, that's not where that goes. Little Miss
Galaxy S10: Oddly enough, you don't have nothing to do with the toilet. But she's got her training center.
Galaxy S10: Go with your gut Buffy not up here in just a minute. Okay, come on. Go get changed. Oh, go, go, go, go.
Galaxy S10: All right, Tony. Go ahead.
Dominique Pozo: We're almost done. So, okay, well, the last. That's it. That's it. With the bio psychosocial the the intake and then
Dominique Pozo: Let's look at our calendar and see what might be good days and times for you. Did I think in your email. Did you say that later in the days better because then your husband can be there to be with her. Is that what you said.
Galaxy S10: Yeah.
Galaxy S10: Yeah, he usually gets home about 4:30am so anything after 430 would be great.
Dominique Pozo: Okay.
Dominique Pozo: Let's see, and what we
Dominique Pozo: Will you remind me what day your group is
Dominique Pozo: Tuesday. Okay. Because I can't see you individually, the same day as your group. So let's see Wednesday's are good days for me. How about
Dominique Pozo: Let's see.
Galaxy S10: Right now, I apologize. I apologize. I think it's Wednesday.
Okay.
Galaxy S10: No.
Galaxy S10: That's
Dominique Pozo: Okay, so how about
Dominique Pozo: So then I Tuesday would be the day. How about
Dominique Pozo: Let's see, two to three. How about 715 ON ON TUESDAY THE 14th. Would that work for you. Oh no wait, that won't work. Wait.
Galaxy S10: Doesn't work for me other than
Dominique Pozo: Wait, does it not work for you or
Galaxy S10: No, that's fine. I was just joking. Yeah.
Galaxy S10: Okay.
Dominique Pozo: No, I think I actually
Dominique Pozo: I think it will work. Actually, if we do, let's try it. I have kind of a full day on Tuesdays. But that's one opening and I have so we can. Let's try for three. I mean, excuse me 715
Galaxy S10: Sounds good. I don't want that on my calendar. Okay, great.
Dominique Pozo: All right.
Dominique Pozo: Okay.
Dominique Pozo: Really nice to meet you. And yeah, just
Galaxy S10: Good to meet you.
Dominique Pozo: Yeah, we've seen a great evening. And I'll see you. I'll see you in
Dominique Pozo: Know, I'll see for an individual session before group next week. So I'll see you next Tuesday.
Dominique Pozo: Okay, okay.
Galaxy S10: Okay. Sounds good. Dominique or for you, then you have a great rest of your week
Dominique Pozo: You too. Bye bye.
Galaxy S10: Bye bye.
Dominique Pozo: Actually, hold on, hold on. Oh.